# Her Voice Matters
## Design Brief
The design challenge is to educate the player on the issue of gender inequality by using an entertaining and interactive story with python programming. When researching on gender inequality, I learned that World War II gave women the chance to work in jobs like industrial work, which traditionally belonged to men, while men were busy serving the military; however, men in the society were upset about this as they felt like ‘their’ jobs were being taken from them by incapable females. An interesting fact I can use in my story is that in present day, approximately 1 in 3 girls experience either physical or sexual violence in their lifetime. When researching on python programming, I learned how to use the basics of pygame to create moving images and a working screen. I also learned for the first time how AI and machine learning actually worked, which is by using information provided by large amounts of samples to predict an output based on the input.

I will create an interactive story on gender inequality using python programming with pycharm. The story will give an immersive feel as they are able to interact and control their player avatar. It will take place in two settings - World War II and The Present Day. I will make use of concepts and libraries, such as pygame to program my interactive story to maximize entertainment while educating the player. While looking at existing products, I found the currency system in the interactive story, ‘Spent’, and how it used smooth graphics interesting, which inspired me to use a currency in my story to create a game-like feel, and the pygame library to create smooth graphics and visuals. Also, the story, ‘Coming Out Simulator’, inspired me to use audio in my game to hook the audience and make them want to keep playing. I found the typewriting effect in the student-made story interesting, so I was inspired to create my own with pygame graphics, and improving it by allowing the player the option to skip through the typewriting effect by pressing ‘S’. My solution will allow the player to learn more about the issue of gender inequality through my entertaining interactive story, so that the player can spread awareness about this problem and promote gender equality.
